# VBA-Challenge


# Background
In this homework assignment, you will use VBA scripting to analyze generated stock market data.


# Instructions
  Create a script that loops through all the stocks for one year and outputs the following information:

<li> The Ticker Symbol </li>

<li> Yearly change from the opening price at the beginning of a given year to the closing price at the end of that year. </li>

<li> The percentage change from the opening price at the beginning of a given year to the closing price at the end of that year. </li>

<li> Add functionality to your script to return the stock with the "Greatest % increase", "Greatest % decrease", and "Greatest total volume". </li>

<li> Make the appropriate adjustments to your VBA script to enable it to run on every worksheet (that is, every year) at once. </li>

>Note 1: Make sure to use conditional formatting that will highlight positive change in green and negative change in red. </li>

>Note 2: Make sure that the script acts the same on every sheet. The joy of VBA is that it takes the tediousness out of repetitive tasks with the click of a button. </li>

 
# Files
1. 'Multiple_year_stock_data.xlsm' - the Excel file which contains the stock data.

2. 'Stock Analysis Module (visual studio) - a copy of the visual basic module code, copy and pasted to Visual Studio.

3. 'Stock Analysis Module1.bas' - an export of the visual basic module.

4. 2018, 2019, & 2020 Screenshots of the 'Multiple_year_stock_data.xlsm' workbook once the 'Stock Analysis Module1.bas' module has been run.



# References
Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.

